  • LINUXFOUNDATION.ORG
  • EVENTS

Home
 
Software Package Data Exchange®


Home » Licenses

ANTLR Software Rights Notice

Full name

ANTLR Software Rights Notice

Short identifier

ANTLR-PD

Other web pages for this license

http://www.antlr2.org/license.html

Notes

ANTLR used this public domain notice through version 2.7 and then switched to a
BSD license for version 3.0 and later.

Text

ANTLR 2 License

We reserve no legal rights to the ANTLR--it is fully in the public domain. An
individual or company may do whatever they wish with source code distributed
with ANTLR or the code generated by ANTLR, including the incorporation of
ANTLR, or its output, into commerical software.

We encourage users to develop software with ANTLR. However, we do ask that
credit is given to us for developing ANTLR. By "credit", we mean that if you
use ANTLR or incorporate any source code into one of your programs (commercial
product, research project, or otherwise) that you acknowledge this fact
somewhere in the documentation, research report, etc... If you like ANTLR and
have developed a nice tool with the output, please mention that you developed
it using ANTLR. In addition, we ask that the headers remain intact in our
source code. As long as these guidelines are kept, we expect to continue
enhancing this system and expect to make other tools available as they are
completed.

Standard License Header

Who are we?

The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium dedicated to fostering the
growth of Linux.

More on the Foundation...

Explore

  • Search or Browse
  • Home / News / Announcements
  • Blogs / Publications
  • Events / Workgroups
  • Membership / Members

Stay Current

  • Linux Foundation Events
  • Linux Foundation Public Calendar
  • Linux Training
  • Linux.com
  • Linux Foundation Monthly Newsletter

About

  • Frequently Asked Questions
  • How do I get Involved?
  • About / Contact Us / Careers
  • Staff / Board Members
  • Privacy Policy / Terms of Use / Trademarks / Workgroups FAQ

Copyright © 2013 The Linux Foundation. All rights reserved.

Linux Foundation, Linux Standard Base, LSB, LSB Certified, IAccessible2, MeeGo
are registered trademarks of the Linux Foundation.

Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Please see our privacy
policy.

