  • LINUXFOUNDATION.ORG
  • EVENTS

Home
 
Software Package Data Exchange®


Home » Licenses

Multics License

Full name

Multics License

Short identifier

Multics

Other web pages for this license

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/Multics

Notes

None

Text

Multics License

Historical Background

This edition of the Multics software materials and documentation is
provided and donated to Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Group
BULL including BULL HN Information Systems Inc. as a contribution to
computer science knowledge. This donation is made also to give evidence
of the common contributions of Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
Bell Laboratories, General Electric, Honeywell Information Systems
Inc., Honeywell BULL Inc., Groupe BULL and BULL HN Information Systems
Inc. to the development of this operating system. Multics development
was initiated by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Project MAC
(1963-1970), renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science and
Artificial Intelligence in the mid 1970s, under the leadership of
Professor Fernando Jose Corbato. Users consider that Multics provided the
best software architecture for managing computer hardware properly and
for executing programs. Many subsequent operating systems incorporated
Multics principles. Multics was distributed in 1975 to 2000 by Group
Bull in Europe , and in the U.S. by Bull HN Information Systems Inc., as
successor in interest by change in name only to Honeywell Bull Inc. and
Honeywell Information Systems Inc. .

-----------------------------------------------------------

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute these programs and their
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,provided
that the below copyright notice and historical background appear in all
copies and that both the copyright notice and historical background and
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
the names of MIT, HIS, BULL or BULL HN not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the programs without specific
prior written permission.
Copyright 1972 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Honeywell
Information
Systems Inc.
Copyright 2006 by BULL HN Information Systems Inc.
Copyright 2006 by Bull SAS
All Rights Reserved

Standard License Header

Who are we?

The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium dedicated to fostering the
growth of Linux.

More on the Foundation...

Explore

  • Search or Browse
  • Home / News / Announcements
  • Blogs / Publications
  • Events / Workgroups
  • Membership / Members

Stay Current

  • Linux Foundation Events
  • Linux Foundation Public Calendar
  • Linux Training
  • Linux.com
  • Linux Foundation Monthly Newsletter

About

  • Frequently Asked Questions
  • How do I get Involved?
  • About / Contact Us / Careers
  • Staff / Board Members
  • Privacy Policy / Terms of Use / Trademarks / Workgroups FAQ

Copyright © 2013 The Linux Foundation. All rights reserved.

Linux Foundation, Linux Standard Base, LSB, LSB Certified, IAccessible2, MeeGo
are registered trademarks of the Linux Foundation.

Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Please see our privacy
policy.

