  • LINUXFOUNDATION.ORG
  • EVENTS

Home
 
Software Package Data Exchange®


Home » Licenses

Standard ML of New Jersey License

Full name

Standard ML of New Jersey License

Short identifier

SMLNJ

Other web pages for this license

http://www.smlnj.org//license.html

Notes

None

Text

STANDARD ML OF NEW JERSEY COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by The Fellowship of SML/NJ Copyright (c) 1989-2001 by
Lucent Technologies

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright
notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of Lucent Technologies, Bell Labs or any
Lucent entity not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.

Lucent disclaims all warranties with regard to this software, including all
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no event shall Lucent be
liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of
contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection
with the use or performance of this software.

Standard License Header

Who are we?

The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium dedicated to fostering the
growth of Linux.

More on the Foundation...

Explore

  • Search or Browse
  • Home / News / Announcements
  • Blogs / Publications
  • Events / Workgroups
  • Membership / Members

Stay Current

  • Linux Foundation Events
  • Linux Foundation Public Calendar
  • Linux Training
  • Linux.com
  • Linux Foundation Monthly Newsletter

About

  • Frequently Asked Questions
  • How do I get Involved?
  • About / Contact Us / Careers
  • Staff / Board Members
  • Privacy Policy / Terms of Use / Trademarks / Workgroups FAQ

Copyright © 2013 The Linux Foundation. All rights reserved.

Linux Foundation, Linux Standard Base, LSB, LSB Certified, IAccessible2, MeeGo
are registered trademarks of the Linux Foundation.

Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Please see our privacy
policy.

